scalingo 22 EOL Notice (#3756)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/internals/stacks/2000-01-01-stacks.md

---
title: Stacks
nav: Stacks
modified_at: 2026-05-21 00:00:00
index: 1
---

Applications on Scalingo run inside Linux containers. These containers are built on a base image maintained by Scalingo, which itself is derived from the official Docker image of a well-known Linux distribution.

Scalingo currently supports two stacks based on Ubuntu LTS.

| Name                  | Base Distribution | Supported Until | Status       |
|-----------------------|-------------------|-----------------|--------------|
| [scalingo-24]         | Ubuntu 24.04      | May 2029        | Supported    |
| [scalingo-22] ([EOL]) | Ubuntu 22.04      | May 2027        | Deprecated   |
| scalingo-20           | Ubuntu 20.04      | April 2025      | Discontinued |
| scalingo-18           | Ubuntu 18.04      | April 2023      | Discontinued |
| scalingo-14           | Ubuntu 14.04      | December 2019   | Discontinued |

All Scalingo-supported buildpacks are compatible with supported stacks.

The default stack for all newly created applications is `scalingo-24`.

{% note %}

> We recommend keeping your applications on the latest stack to receive stability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend prioritizing deployment of your applications on the latest stack to receive stability
```

> <div class="overflow-horizontal-content" markdown="1">

Reviewer: non-blocking: not sure that's still useful 🤔

Author: I will remove it

| Name | Base Distribution | Supported Until | Docker Hub |
| ---- | ----------------- | --------------- | ---------- |
| [scalingo-24]({% post_url platform/internals/stacks/2000-01-01-scalingo-24-stack %}) | Ubuntu 24.04 | May 2029 | [scalingo/scalingo-24](https://hub.docker.com/r/scalingo/scalingo-24) |

> | [scalingo-22]({% post_url platform/internals/stacks/2000-01-01-scalingo-22-stack %}) ([EOL](#stack-end-of-life)) | Ubuntu 22.04 | May 2027 | [scalingo/scalingo-22](https://hub.docker.com/r/scalingo/scalingo-22) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [scalingo-24]         | Ubuntu 24.04 | May 2029 | [scalingo/scalingo-24] |
| [scalingo-22] ([EOL]) | Ubuntu 22.04 | May 2027 | [scalingo/scalingo-22] |
```

And at the bottom of the file:
```
[scalingo/scalingo-22]: https://hub.docker.com/r/scalingo/scalingo-22
[scalingo/scalingo-24]: https://hub.docker.com/r/scalingo/scalingo-24

[scalingo-22]: {% post_url platform/internals/stacks/2000-01-01-scalingo-22-stack %}
[scalingo-24]: {% post_url platform/internals/stacks/2000-01-01-scalingo-24-stack %}

[EOL]: #stack-end-of-life
```

Author: Should be good now

| scalingo-20 | Ubuntu 20.04 | April 2025 | [scalingo/scalingo-20](https://hub.docker.com/r/scalingo/scalingo-20) |
| scalingo-18 | Ubuntu 18.04 | April 2023 | [scalingo/scalingo-18](https://hub.docker.com/r/scalingo/scalingo-18) |
| scalingo-14 | Ubuntu 14.04 | December 2019 | [scalingo/scalingo-14](https://hub.docker.com/r/scalingo/scalingo-14) |

> {: .table }

Reviewer: non-blocking: not sure that's still useful 🤔

Author: I will remove it

> 
> Updating the stack can have a significant impact on your application. Consequently, we warmly recommend testing your applications in a staging environment before making changes in production.
> 
> ### Using the Dashboard
> 
> The stack change only takes effect after the application is redeployed.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating the stack can have a significant impact on your application. Consequently, we warmly recommend testing your applications in a staging environment before making changes in production.

{% note %}
A stack change only takes effect after the application is redeployed.
{% endnote %}

### Using the Dashboard

```

Updating the stack can have a significant impact on your application. Consequently, we warmly recommend testing your applications in a staging environment before making changes in production.

> ### Using the Dashboard

Reviewer: praise: I didn't know this feature is available through the dashboard, great! And thanks for the addition <3

Author: Yeah, I was surprised to discover that it was not the case :D
This also helped simplify and clarify the email communications a bit.

> 1. From your web browser, open your [dashboard][dashboard]

Reviewer: The second `[dashboard]` is useless in this case :)
```suggestion
1. From your web browser, open your [dashboard]
```

2. Open the target application
3. Click the **Settings** tab
4. In the **Settings** submenu, select **General**
5. In the **Scalingo Stack** section, click **Change Scalingo Stack**
6. Select `scalingo-24`
7. Click **Change**
8. Trigger a new deployment to apply the stack change immediately
9. Run your functional tests to validate compatibility with the new stack

> The stack change only takes effect after the application is redeployed.

Reviewer: suggestion: I'd put this sentence after line 54

Author: Yes!

A list of existing timezones is available
[here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones#List).

## Stack End-Of-Life

EOL stands for End-of-Life. A stack remains supported until its documented
end-of-support date. After that date, customers must migrate to a newer

> supported stack.

Reviewer: issue: I'm not sure to understand this sentence properly. It refers to "end-of-life" and then to "end-of-support", without defining the latter (or are they the same?)

Author: I have changed this part to better align with the new table exposing support statuses. EOL is now described as a process rather than a status. (wait for the next push)

Author: Do you think it's clearer now?
